docs: add notes on the `vue inspect` command (#3797)
vuejs/vue-cli: docs/guide/webpack.md

``` bash
vue inspect > output.js
```

> By default inspect will out put the development config. To see the production configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `inspect` command will show the output for development config. To see the production configuration, you need to run
```
